---
title: sandbox
layout: home
permalink: sandbox
---

# Sub-humanism of modern man
Prior to starting this paragraph, I want to confess my sins. I want to confess that this is a wrong-doing. I know that coming to this conclusion is a result of corruption on my part. There is a lot to be said about this, but I will leave it for another time.

**Expectations of superiority in man, and the results thereof** <br> This is an active project, it is not finished. <br> September 4th, Thursday night. <br>

Expectations are human, there are a plethora – many types of expectations exist. I will start off with talking about the expectations of superiority, and I’ll see how this veers. 

Modern man, when he sees someone who is above him, he doubts, not himself but rather that the superiority of the subject exists. The thought that his personal accomplishments or worth lacks in comparison to the subject does subconsciously cross his mind. Indeed, what he consciously chooses to believe, rather what conclusion he comes to, is that it simply cannot be true. His primitivity does not allow him to subject himself to humility in what he deems to be competition. Note that this could just be his state in a simple conversation. He doubts until proven otherwise, even if the subject does not find the necessity to prove anything. The state of denial can differ. Some stay in the state of denial, in my experience this commonly occurs in women – they will view superiority in any case, even when they know that it is not true. When man is proven otherwise, several different reactions could follow. Commonly, envy and anger pursue. He will try to prove himself, to the subject, to those around him, and even to himself as to acquire reassurance in his thought of belief of dominance. He becomes primal, and lashes out, like the animal that he is. He will lie, he will project. In his mind, a declaration of war on the subject, and all that the subject is and provides. He will think of ways, any way, to instill corruption. He will even result to harming himself if he sees that it also causes harm to the subject. 

The subject, if Christian, will not need to prove any superiority. In the essence of humility, a Christian will choose to be inferior, even if there is nothing that suggests that it is the case. The Christian, even in struggle, will not react to his primal instincts, because he is made in the image of God. Not filthed up, not oxidized – the grade differs in individuals. The submission to God demands a pure state of self, to exercise His energies, and to take part of what is holy. Purity comes from God and the morality He has set, the law which He hath engraved. Man loses this in the duration of his life, unless he chooseth to submit. 

 **Lying in a synthetic position of superiority and baseless belief of understanding above the subject.** <br> This is an active project, it is not finished. <br> September 5th, Friday noon.

As the phenomenon in the prior paragraph mostly occurs in men, this particularly is something I mostly see in women. Also prevalent in high estrogen men, though it is much less common. <br>

Lying, whether to protect oneself, ones understanding, ones position or decision. It is a common phenomena, which occurs mostly when the woman in question believes that her authority or understanding is above the man, the subject, which she is opposing. The opposition of the woman, in most cases, is fueled by emotions, as most encounters with the common woman. <br>

This role can of course apply to any gender – since I, a male, encounter this with women – I will write out of my common perspective. <br>

The woman has the belief that telling the lie is straightforward, and fails to consider anything else. Seriously, a dense position, which mostly is synthesized out of desperation, whether the desperation is justified or not. Most men fight this, spend their energy, a currency, on a decision set in stone. The woman can change her mind, more often than a man does. Yet, if she chose confrontation, the woman in question has been thinking about the subject-matter prior to it. The likeliness for the opposing position to take seed in her mind is much unlikely. 

*The meeting of minds is possible, but certain personality traits can affect this.*

When the subject chooseth to submit to the decision, i.e. the will of the woman, no matter his position or understanding of the subject-matter – the woman will assume lower intelligence of the subject and that the man cannot provide the security and guidance she needs, almost always subconsciously in my experience. This will cause her to have confidence in her decision in the near future. The woman is emotional and reflective, she doesn't necessarily stick to her own decisions in or for the long-term. In any case, the disrespect of the fellowman, the subject, might be a common theme in the relationship going forth. 

Yet, acting in hardheartedness, in opposition, doesn’t grant any favors either, she will assume that you’re dull, and fail to understand what she has to say. Inconsiderate in other words, among other things. Revealing your understanding of the situation will lead her to lie more. There is no achievement to acquire in the case of the subject, you will lose. <br>

Dishonesty, like any sin, has consequences, and the lost generation fails to consider this. They live out of their own understanding, and refuse to submit to the Truth. The Christian will not fight in this confrontation, a childish fight. In my case, it was and is difficult to let go of the people which riseded in my love. You want to help them, you want to be there for them, it is a Christian fruit to be selfless. Yet, what the Lord wills happens no matter ones own understanding of the situation. God knows whether they are hurting themselves or not. It is not up to the Christian to oppose the will of God, no creation should question his Creator. أَسْلَمْتُ لِرَبِّ الْعَالَمِينَ

# Future projects

**Obsession** <br>
Obsession is a word thrown around a lot, but in reality there is a true strict definition. I’m not here to explain the word, you are welcome to look for it yourself. This is a very broad topic, but I will write about the obsession of men in certain women.

The state of mind of a man that obsesses over a woman. This is not about men with mental issues. 
*I might do more, or change some things up. I'll see what experiences catch my attention.*

***The state of turbulence.***

Men should not be ruled by their emotions, not in their natural state. This is a characteristic of women. To best describe it for a man: how you feel when you are in a state of uncontrollable rage, and want to, and are about to lash out, that is how a woman feels constantly with all her emotions. This is a slight exaggeration for communicative purposes. Women are ruled by their emotions, it is biological. Men are not, and shouldn’t be, ruled by their emotions. They enter into this state for a plethora of reasons, the most common one being the state of turbulence. What do I mean by that? When a man loses his perceived control, craziness ensues. A lot of things happen within him, he will give up his morality, his sanity, and resort to evil. It is evil, most times he understands this, yet some times he thinks he is doing it for the greater good. Men too act on their emotions in this state, when he is turbulent. Biologically, he thinks he is collecting the tribe, exercising his authority as to bring everything back together, it is not the case. In the modern age, this does not happen. This is when a man stalks, this is when a man rapes his woman. This is when he lashes out at her, and tells her to kill herself in the act of psychological abuse. He thinks he is in the right during the act, sometimes it goes beyond that and shows past the act. The woman might retaliate, yet often doesn’t. If she does retaliate, he often blames it on her. In the words of “you made me do this”, “you made me act this way”. It is true that one action can cause the man to lose control, but in reality, the man must’ve already been in the state for him to act that way. This state of this man is not purely biological, this cannot be excused, he submitted to that decision, he is conscious, he deserves whatever punishment God will bring upon him. And God does bring punishment upon him, always. 

*the spirit brought a thought to me, I will diverge for such*
If a woman cheated in her relationship, she should not stay with this man, because many men fail to process what happened. The relationship almost always turns out abusive. That is concerning the ungodly. *When one sins in a relationship, both get affected, both get corrupted. As the Bible says, the two become one. In unification, you become one, and thus the harm that you do affects you both.*

The woman cannot comprehend this state, she does not understand what is going through the head of the man, and forgives it, especially when there is an emotional connection, whether past or present. In most cases, she continues to get abused. She thinks that he has or that he might change. No, in this state, he never does and never will change. He will react to change, and adapt, but once that certain stability has been reached again, he will return to what he is. Men are very good at cloaking themselves, whether it be identity, personality, emotionally, intentions and thoughts, etc… See, stability in a man is a very detailed scale, and very precise. Man does not change until he is fully broken down, until he has fully lost everything, even himself. Do not get fooled by appearances, if he claims to have changed, then again, we are in the state of turbulence, and he is reacting to his changing surroundings, trying to recollect all the eggs of his basket. Sometimes the man thinks he has changed, yet is the exact same. He gets to rebuild himself all over again, but it doesn’t always guarantee for the better. Again, if he doesn’t submit to God, he gets to choose what to become. It might be uglier than what he started with, and many times it is. Certain men change within a year, while others go on their lives being the same. In the worst case, they degrade so bad that they give up their lives in one last act of evil, whether it be suicide or crime against his woman. Change exists, but is never easy. 

***The obsession that ensues after the woman pulls away.*** <br>
When the woman pulls away, regardless of the situation, there will always be a hidden FALSE dependency on the mans part. As his brain tries to understand his state of mind, his turbulence, a false narrative is synthesized in his brain. That the woman leaving is the thing that is making him go crazy. This position is false, the male had lost control prior to this. What the man does as a result is that he creates a false narrative, and becomes dependent, falsely, on a lost connection. This is the obsessive part, hyper-fixation. He becomes sub-human to try to regain what once was, but in reality, even if he does, he will return to be the same. He will bargain with her, he will stalk, he will cry, he will become subservient temporarily until he gets what he thinks he needs. This is not only obsession, but also a false addiction. Of what he thinks is best for him, this is purely selfish, always, with no exceptions. *As a woman, you will not pick up on this.* On the part of the man, this is idealization and idolization, two among the sins that God abhors the most. On the woman’s part, she doesn’t understand anything that is going through his mind, and will get fooled once again.

I edit within the existing paragraphs and expand. No text is set in stone
<br> to be continued...
